waveform select
envelope
move voice to separate graph 
voice allocator & top level param
algorithm enum / input
unit testing for algorithm
divisoer, num, denom inputs
4. portamento
attack and release 
base note selection and quantization
holds
step functions for sliders for whole numbers
anything that's not keyboard should be accessible via MIDI CC 
protection against negative/zero frequencies
release button
6. interface development
presets!!
tidalcycles sequencing

midi CC
vol - 0
shape - 1
adsr - 2, 3, 4, 5
algo - 6
num/denom/div - 7,8,9
glide - 10
base - 11
drone - 12

other potential features 
- over C / Under C / etc. 
- quantisation of base frequency - done



notes
everything should be in std, like std::oscillators::Shape::sawtoothUp

it seems that there's no way to implement a selection / option without a custom gui 
i need to look at event to see if there are discrete options 
input sine.shapeIn; was all I needed

Language feature not yet implemented: Exposing child endpoints which use processor arrays!
Language feature not yet implemented: top-level arrays of inputs!
exposing shape choice to gui

converting float64 to float32?

displace index
center is c3 - 60
we want to extend from c2 to c4

the state variables aren't updating, why?  I can't get the algorithm selection to stay

looking at the graph there's two instances of freqCalculator, one in the voices, and another that's global. I can try passing 

hoisted endpoints don't work for arrays

for holdmode we ignore all noteoff events, turning noteon into a toggle

the voice allocator doesn't work with droneMode in the way that I intend

not sure yet if I can use a button to turn off all voices

cmajor patches don't by default export interfaces

build 
/Users/mx/code/JUCE/JUCE

notes from subphonics
swell is essential
pitch bend would be really useful
control with a volume pedal is essential 
separate glide for ratio stuff vs midi notes 

gui doesn't update when midi CC goes down 
is that a problem with the default config

Custom GUI notes 
I'm having issues loading html, apparently a bad mime type 
I also can't get the custom gui example to load in reaper 

connectedCallback(): called each time the element is added to the document. The specification recommends that, as far as possible, developers should implement custom element setup in this callback rather than the constructor.
disconnectedCallback(): called each time the element is removed from the document.

from jules:

Our first approach was to make the view a .html file, but it just didn't work for all the use-cases we want to support, like web-audio plugins.  We need there to be a javascript object that the host can interact with, and embed into different types of container DOM element.
We figured that if people really need to use a piece of html, they can create and return an IFrameHTMLElement. That's the same result as if our host created the IFrameHTMLElement and loaded your html into it.

Iframe method:

export default function createCustomPatchView(patchConnection) {
  const iframe = document.createElement('iframe');
  iframe.src = './index.html';
  iframe.setAttribute("style", "width:100vw");
  return iframe;
}

cannot access uninitialized variables
trying my best to use vanilla js 
it's not going smoothly
